Address a few device related issues (#259)
data-apis/array-api: spec/API_specification/array_object.md

        For other device types which do have a stream, queue or similar synchronization mechanism, the most appropriate type to use for `stream` is not yet determined. E.g., for SYCL one may want to use an object containing an in-order `cl::sycl::queue`. This is allowed when libraries agree on such a convention, and may be standardized in a future version of this API standard.

>         Support for any `stream` value other than `None` is optional and up to each library in question.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ```{note}
        Support for a `stream` value other than `None` is optional and implementation-dependent.
        ```
```

```

        For other device types which do have a stream, queue or similar synchronization mechanism, the most appropriate type to use for `stream` is not yet determined. E.g., for SYCL one may want to use an object containing an in-order `cl::sycl::queue`. This is allowed when libraries agree on such a convention, and may be standardized in a future version of this API standard.

        ```{note}
        Support for a `stream` value other than `None` is optional and implementation-dependent.

>         ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ```

```

    -   a `device` object (see {ref}`device-support`).

-   **stream**: _Optional\[ Union\[ int, Any ]]_

>     -   stream object to use during copy. In addition to the supported types as discussed in {ref}`method-__dlpack__`, any library-specific stream object is also allowed to be used here, with the caveat that using such an object would make the code non-portable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   stream object to use during copy. In addition to the types supported in {ref}`method-__dlpack__`, implementations may choose to support any library-specific stream object with the caveat that any code using such an object would not be portable.
```

#### Returns

-   **out**: _&lt;array&gt;_

    -   an array with the same data and data type as `self` and located on the specified `device`.

```{note}

> If `stream` is given, the copy operation should be enqueued on the provided `stream`; otherwise, the copy operation should be enqueued on the default stream/queue. Whether the copy is performed synchronously or asynchronously is library dependent. As a result, if synchronization is required to guarantee data safety, this should be clearly explained in a conforming library's documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `stream` is given, the copy operation should be enqueued on the provided `stream`; otherwise, the copy operation should be enqueued on the default stream/queue. Whether the copy is performed synchronously or asynchronously is implementation-dependent. As a result, if synchronization is required to guarantee data safety, this should be clearly explained in a conforming library's documentation.
```
